GEOREFERENCE 
For BIAA collections, it is decided to work on geolocations in order to standardize the ancient and modern settlement names which all collection materials come from. Muhammed Ali Akman (BIAA Intern 2020), used Python for acquiring all data that he collected from Getty TGN, TAY project, Google Maps, Pleiades, Heidelbergand, Kültür Envanteri webpages. Used libraries are bs4 , requests , pandas and json . He used method named web scrapping to reach and collected data. However, it could be downloaded the json data from those sites too.        
 The geodatabases are collected under two different excel file which they divided as ‘International’ and ‘National’ data sets. In addition to these collected data sets above, BIAA has a geodatabase of Turkey with updated village/city information and coordinates (Turkey modern dataset). The problem is here that Administration zones (Provinces, districts etc.) do not have a single coordinate therefore algorithm do not match them with correct Getty Link. Therefore, he collected PlaceType data from Getty and Turkey modern dataset. In the 20200624_PlaceTypes.xls file ‘GettyPlaceTypes’ sheet if we mark places with a certain type, he can change the algorithm to look for just that specific type therefore there won’t be any problem. The idea is matching the place types in Turkish and English versions and use them in our databases to improve the ability of the program for finding precise information from the resources. 
Lastly, algorithm is work on a website ‘https://biaa.pythonanywhere.com/’. There are two possible ways to use it. The first one is for single search and the other one is for multiple searches.  Single search doesn't need any explanations. You must enter the data into the “Location Name” area, if you don’t know the “Modern City” you have to enter ”unknown” in order to do search.  However, if you want to use multiple search you should download template by clicking template link on the website. While forming excel file you should mine one thing. In the column of Modern you should enter Boolean values which means True or False.  If it is modern say True else, False.  We are trying to improve the tool and continue to develop.  
